- Previously on tracker...
- Hey. you got a sec?
- Yeah. What's up?
- Need you to look into somebody.
I'm looking for witnesses
to testify in a lawsuit.
Everyone else broke but not me.
What happened when you said no?
They made me look insane.
When everyone started
believing them. I did feel nuts.
You know you don't need to
fight this alone anymore. right?
I can't erase what that company did.
But I can make them answer for it.
You still can't reach him?
He should've been
here over two hours ago.
- It's not like kurtis.
- Well. there's a lot of pressure
right before trial. right?
It's not the first time I've
seen a witness spook.
He's only missed one prep meeting.
- Maybe I should go check on him.
- Well. I'm right by his house.
If it makes you feel
better. I'll swing by. okay?
Yeah.
Kurtis?
Hey. Any luck?
I'm at his house.
I think you were right.
Something's wrong.
Why? What'd you see?
Well. his truck's not here.
but his phone's in there
and his oxygen tank.
There's just no sign of him.
I could try to get in. I guess. but...
No. no. no. no. Don't touch anything.
You're right. I'm gonna call the police.
Not yet.
If he's missing. I know who to call.
He's been missing seven hours at least.
He was scheduled to testify tomorrow.
What's this? I got a phone over here.
It's dead.
You get Randy looking for his truck?
Yeah. couldn't find anything. No GPS.
We called all the local hospitals.
make it happen.
Colter. this is Maxine.
Maxine. how you doing?
Heard a lot about you.
Were you able to reach the judge?
But I didn't want to say too
much until we were face to face.
What could have happened to kurtis?
Well. worst case?
Praiter and Rockwell or someone
connected to the case took him.
Is there evidence backing that up?
I mean. the case has
been really weird so far.
Packages were delivered
to my office. Maxine's as well.
Surveillance footage of us at home.
At home?
I know.
Right after we made
a new claim to the suit.
And kurtis's testimony
was key to proving it.
If we win. it could be
fatal to the company.
You let the police know
about these threats?
No. Didn't rise to it.
Well. there's something here.
I think it's blood.
Wait. what?
Yeah. There was more.
Someone tried to clean
it up. missed a spot.
On the counter next to you.
Here's what I'm thinking.
I'm thinking our guy.
he. came in here. right?
Hid himself in this pantry.
They ambushed kurtis.
Now. it was somebody who
knew what they were doing.
I pushed him into doing the lawsuit.
It's not your fault. You're
doing your job. reenie.
They went this way.
- I think that's the judge.
- You go ahead.
Yeah. that's not kurtis.-.
It's the intruder... maybe
one of them anyway.
This guy was stabbed.
- Explains the blood inside.
- Yeah. What are you thinking?
Kills him with the knife?
I mean. he's an elderly man.
He uses intermittent oxygen.
What about the missing truck?
I'm not so sure.
Someone was trying to
cover this up though. right?
I'm thinking maybe
there was a third party.
Maybe they-they took
kurtis in his own truck.
If they killed him. we would've
found his body already.
Well. they got sloppy.
If they made more
mistakes. I'll see them.
Okay. Maxine's on her way to the office.
She'll handle the legal
side. I'll call the cops.
Colter. you got to find this guy for me.
Yeah.
I'm on it.
Randy. you get any
new hits on kurtis's truck?
Nada.
I'm monitoring traffic cams. toll roads.
I didn't see the radio anywhere.
I'm thinking maybe he
installed it in his truck.
Sending you a photo right now.
It has the ham's call sign.
I like it. Let me see.
Pla-dow. there it is.
Got it.
Hey. listen. Randy.
Reenie mentioned something about.
dropped off a package.
Could have something to
do with what happened here.
Yeah. no doubt.
I'm working to beef up security though.
Did you get an ID?
Not yet.
Mel took a great photo.
You got it. man.
But nobody recognized
the courier from the photo.
That's okay. Thank you for this.
If I'd gotten my phone out sooner.
taken a better picture...
Come on. This is not your fault.
Just worried about reenie.
We really got to find the guy who did this.
Mel...
You know I got you. right?
The circumstances are
beyond our control. your honor.
- We need more time.
- So your whole case
hinges on this witness's testimony?
Give me a break. hoover.
You know damn well hundreds of people
have signed onto this lawsuit
condemning praiter and Rockwell.
And I'm guessing their client
does as well. and here we are.
And where is that exactly?
You can't produce your witness.
It's not exactly our problem.
Possibly worse.
That's a pretty strong
accusation. counsel.
Do you have any
evidence to substantiate it?
A police report? Missing
persons complaint?
We are actively investigating
the matter. your honor.
He probably changed
his mind and ghosted you.
Did you two rehearse this little
back-and-forth pantomime thing?
We remain ready to meet
the trial date. your honor.
All we are asking for.
Or your client out of the loop. Devin.
I know they are so concerned.
That's enough. Ms. Greene.
You have 24 hours.
Use them wisely.
Thank you. your honor.
Praiter and Rockwell
kidnapped a witness.
Actually. yes.
Well. now I'm looking forward to trial.
We welcome baseless allegations.
Be sure to work those into your cross.
You should be looking
forward to my advice: Buckle up.
I hope you didn't take this personally.
Just business. right?
I can assure you our
client had nothing to do with
now we've threatened you
in addition to your witness.
How about we just table
this until trial. shall we?
Let's go.
Hey. let's. let's go ahead and lock down
the other witnesses.
make sure they're protected.
Got it. You focus on kurtis. You
know him better than anyone.
Yeah.
Thanks for having my back.
Thank you.
Okay.
Found the truck. It's totaled.
- Kurtis?
- No sign
that anyone was in the
truck when it crashed.
They wanted us to think they ran.
Okay. So now what?
Looks like you'd need a car from here.
so either they stashed one
or maybe they stole one.
All right. look. you've got me and Randy.
I'm gonna put you on speaker.
Hey. what's up. man?
Randy. any records of a stolen vehicle
anywhere near my location?
Let's find out.
Nope. nothing reported today.
All right.
Passed a roadhouse
about a half a mile back.
And a motel. Looked like
the last stop within miles.
Yeah. I see it.
Looks like the perfect place to get a car.
- Or to sit and wait in one.
- That's what I'm thinking.
Can you check to see
if they have cameras?
- If they do. they're air-gapped.
- I'm not seeing anything.
All right. I'm heading there now.
Maybe someone saw
something. Thanks.
- Excuse me.
- Hey. man.
Nothing wrong with day drinking.
It's just. we got this thing called hours.
No. I'm not... I'm not here for the bar.
I was wondering maybe you
could help me with something.
I'm. looking for this guy.
He's missing.
Seen him?
I wasn't working last
night. Nothing today.
Why are you looking for him?
It's sort of what I do. Find people.
Sounds mysterious.
It can be. Yeah. Yeah.
Your. your security footage.
is there a chance I could
get a look at that maybe?
Yeah. I don't know.
I might have to run
that one by my manager.
You help me. I help you?
- Hand it over.
- Great.
Wow. you made that look really easy.
It's not my first time.
All right. now... Password.
Right. I really shouldn't be doing this.
Probably not.
Keep going.
Okay. that's him.
Damn.
What's the deal with this guy anyway?
Is he in trouble?
Something like that. yeah.
Pause it right there. will you?
Thank you.
- Grandpa just boosted that car.
- Yeah.
One sec. Hold on. That
SUV. you recognize that?
Nope. But it looks shady as hell.
It does. doesn't it?
Okay. Got what I needed.
Well. thank you very. very much.
- I appreciate you.
- You're welcome.
All right.
Hey.
Come back anytime.
Thanks again.
Hey. You've got me and Randy.
Didn't look to me like it was
the first time he had ever done that.
Sent you a picture of the car he stole
from a security cam at the bar.
- Who is this guy?
- I don't know.
He killed somebody in self-defense.
Doesn't call the police. He covers it up.
Ditches his car. steals another.
Does he have criminal history?
Man. I did a background
check on this guy twice.
High school education.
divorced. one stepdaughter.
Maybe we're not the
only ones on his trail.
Did you run the plates
on that stolen car?
Okay.
Plates on the stolen car pop up twice.
both times on the highway.
The first hit's a toll on the e-470.
The second was him merging onto
the i-70 mountain Lane
express this morning.
And nothing since then.
Maybe the person following
him ran him off the road.
Or maybe he gave
them the slip. All right.
Police identified the
body from kurtis's house.
He worked for a trucking company.
He's got a rap sheet for assault. robbery.
Dude keeps a pretty tight circle.
Only people he talks to are
his stepdaughter Jackie
and his ex-wife Sienna.
When's the last time
they were in contact?
The stepdaughter. a few weeks ago.
The ex-wife. yesterday morning.
Maybe she knows
something. I'll pay her a visit.
Are you one of lowell's men?
How did you find me?
I said. how did you find me?!
You hear me. kurtis.
Lowell ain't gonna stop until you're dead.
Why don't you tell me who you really are.
Reenie Greene.
My name's colter Shaw.
She hired me to come find you.
How's that feel?
You got a high ankle sprain.
Whatever's coming after
you. you're not gonna outrun it.
That's for sure.
I like reenie.
She actually gives a crap.
And I'm old enough to
remember that's a rare quality.
But she shouldn't have gotten involved.
Hold this right there.
What's this have to
do with your testimony?
Everything I said about that company
was the god's honest truth.
but this... isn't about that.
Yeah. I gather that.
- Sienna grimmer?
- Who are you?
My name's reenie
Greene. I'm an attorney.
I'm looking for your ex-husband.
Wait. is kurtis missing. too?
Yes. No one's seen him since yesterday.
I know that you spoke
with him that morning.
- You know anything about this?
- No.
I'm sorry. Who else is missing?
Your visitor here is from Louisiana.
- Reenie. I got kurtis.
- Great.
- Are you with Jackie?
- Who's Jackie?
Stepdaughter.
No. Why?
She's missing.
I'm at your ex-wife's
house with the police.
Look. she didn't turn up for work today.
Sienna went to her
place. but she's gone.
I'm gonna kill them all.
Who did this?
Lowell Parker.
Dixie mafia.
Runs guns. drugs. anything
he can get his hands on.
You work for him?
Muscle.
Long time ago.
But I disappeared.
Who died on a fishing trip.
Moved a few states over.
Thought it was all behind me.
Well. why would he
take your stepdaughter
after so many years?
'Cause he found me. and
now he wants blood for blood.
You agreeing to testify blew your cover.
Has to be it.
I never should've gotten
involved in that lawsuit.
- I have to find Jackie.
- I can help you.
All right. Grab your stuff. Let's go.
Thanks. reenie.
- Revenge.
- Revenge for what?
Parker trusted me.
She was a handful.
Easy here.
In and out of trouble.
I mean. she was a sweet kid. but...
But she was hooked on blues.
And one day. I went to pick her up.
and she was dead in the bathtub.
Od'd.
Blame you for that?
Easier to blame me than her. I guess.
We'll find her.
Kurtis isn't who we thought he was.
He was a bodyguard for lowell Parker.
a Dixie mafia boss.
So this has nothing to do
with praiter and Rockwell?
No. I mean. they're not the
ones that came after him.
And we made an
accusation in front of the judge
that we can't support.
Well. not necessarily.
Parker was tipped somehow.
and kurtis seems to think
that the lawsuit blew his cover.
But his name was never public record.
So. even if praiter and Rockwell
didn't commit the actual crime.
someone must have
tapped the first domino.
There's a mole.
Yeah.
But we have to put the whole thing
on the back burner for now.
Okay. just until we know that
kurtis's stepdaughter's safe.
Okay.
- Keep me posted.
- Will do.
Hello?
Reenie Greene?
Who's this?
Lowell Parker.
- How'd you get this number?
- Does that really matter?
No. it does not.
What matters is I need this
to happen without the cops.
You need what to happen exactly?
I was really hoping you
weren't gonna waste my time.
But just so you understand...
Help me! Help me! Please
help me! Please help me!
You do exactly what I say.
- Hey.
Sure you weren't followed?
Yes. I stuck to the plan.
Now. this is the location of the meet.
Parker said that he wants
me to deliver kurtis personally.
Then Jackie walks.
- I don't trust it.
- I know.
but the best way to minimize
risk and protect Jackie
is to follow the ransom demands exactly.
I don't want to mess around with this.
It's my life for hers.
And I'm okay with that.
I'm on borrowed time anyway.
If the last thing I do
is save Jackie. then...
Then at least I've done something good.
Okay. reenie's almost at the meet.
Yeah. I know. I'm watching it. too.
But come here. Check this out.
My god. That's-that's him.
That's the courier.
Followed the local sales.
Nice.
Any connection to praiter and Rockwell?
Well. he's got to fit in this somehow.
Can I see his employment history?
Certainly.
Maybe... I think I got to call Maxine.
Okay.
We're almost there.
Why are you doing this for me?
I'm not a good man.
Come on.
You're a better man than you think.
I was Parker's enforcer.
The things I did...
I didn't deserve the second chance I got.
You know...
the first time I ever
stepped into a courtroom.
I was actually the defendant.
Yeah. I know. I was 14 years old.
Broke into a local department store
and stole a beautiful Chanel clutch.
It was worth thousands of dollars.
Why?
My sister dared me.
It was just me and her at the time.
We were on our own.
You know. my dad was deployed out.
My mom. she was basically absent.
It was just something
that we would never be able to afford.
She said no one would
notice. no one would care.
I just wanted to see if she was right.
Anyway. point is. is that
they assigned me this public defender.
I'll never forget her.
She said that. "life goes two ways.
You're either the painter
or you're the paint."
We choose who we are. you know?
My real name's Eugene.
Guys used to call me gene
gene the dancing machine.
Gong show?
Before your time.
You liked to dance?
No. the opposite.
Okay.
I may just stick with kurtis. then.
Right.
You ready?
Here we go.
Car just pulled up. Two occupants.
All I care about is that
she gets out of this.
You watch your back.
Kurtis?
Let's go.
Hands on the wheel.
Jackie.
You look like hell. gene.
Let her go.
Do whatever you want with me.
I can't let you off that easy.
We had a deal.
I didn't have that choice.
I gave you the most important
job. and you screwed it up.
My daughter's dead...
because you dropped the ball.
Now you're gonna get to see
what I do to somebody you love.
I'm begging you. lowell. Please.
No!
No. no. no. no!
Still got a lot of fight in you. old man?
Maybe we need to help
nature along a little bit.
But I want you to see something
before your number's up.
Behind the car!
Hey!
- Come here. You all right?
- Thank you.
Yeah?
Jackie.
- Hi. I'm here. I'm okay.
- Jackie.
I'm okay.
- Easy. now. Take it easy.
- Is he gonna be okay?
- Just needs an ambulance.
- Stay with us. kurtis.
Thanks. kurtis. We'll see you soon.
- Hey.
That was kurtis. He is relentless.
He wants to testify as soon
as the hospital discharges him.
Ooh. a man after my own heart.
And here comes the fun part.
Everything.
We can save the high school
games for the courtroom.
You're not gonna be a part of that.
Shame.
Unless you have
something important to share.
- I'm late to meet my wife.
- Actually. Devin.
Quick question for you.
You were a summer associate at
Danvers and saperstein. correct?
I was.
Out of their New Orleans office. yes?
Yeah.
And that's the same firm
who represents lowell Parker
on rico charges?
- What's this about?
- We're hoping you can tell us.
'Cause that firm employed
the courier who delivered
some pretty interesting
photographs of us
to our offices.
Take your time. Devin.
I keep forgetting you failed
the bar. what was it. five times?
Five times?
I just don't know what
you're talking about.
But I bet you do.
If you need it spelled out
for you. I can help you out.
It was you who gave up kurtis.
Ring a bell now?
You recognized him.
served him up to Parker.
For what? Money? An old favor?
I don't know exactly.
but I'm pretty sure this
is the end of your career.
You're speculating.
I don't speculate.
What do you want?
Justice.
For every single person that
praiter and Rockwell wronged.
Starting with a favorable settlement
in our in boxes no later
than tomorrow morning.
Why would I do that?
Because we can drop this whole thing
to the bar association right now.
Or we could give you
a few weeks. you know.
Best and only deal.
I'll start drafting it now.
It's just harder than it looks.
Something like that. okay?
Nice and relaxed.
Looks like you're
anticipating the shot a little bit.
I know. I know.
I've took her to the
range a couple of times.
Squeeze not pull.
Look. I appreciate the free lesson.
Yes. the gun.
Why the hell'd you buy it?
I don't know.
Thought I could use
a little bit more control.
Not sure you're gonna
get that from a gun.
You know. I moved
12 times before I even
went to high school.
12 times.
New city. new school. new base.
It was like...
Yeah. I kind of know how that is.
It teaches you though how
to rely on yourself. right?
- Yeah?
- Yeah.
I got that from you
the moment I met you.
Well. it could've gone
a very different way.
How's that?
It was like the greatest
hits of a troubled teen.
And I ticked every single box.
What made you change?
I don't know. I...
I think I was acting out 'cause I was...
To try and come save me.
But at some point. I realized
that I was gonna have to be
that person for myself.
And from then on. I was.
I don't know.
It was like... I just reverted into some...
scared little girl who had
no control over anything.
And I guess I... Just... Lost myself.
You got a lot of people who care
a lot about you. you know that?
People that would do anything for you.
And you're strong.
Why you're so good at what you do.
You don't break easy.
Thank you.
How about this target practice here?
All right?
Okay. Well. maybe with some help.
By the way. are we talking
misdemeanor. felony?
- Wow.
- Who am I hanging out with?
Look at that.
I bail you out of jail a few times.
you really learn a thing or two?
- See? All right.
- Better. Better.
W-Way better.
Captioning sponsored by and Toyota.